Quantum entanglement is not hard to understand: Socks come in pairs. If you put a sock on your left foot, the other sock of the pair instantly becomes the "right sock" no matter where it is located in the universe.

There are 3 types of people in this world Those who understand quantum computing. Those who do not understand quantum computing. And those who both simultaneously do and do not understand quantum computing.

I was working on my quantum physics homework when my mom came barging in... I switched to porn because it was easier to explain.

Schrodinger's cat was meant to prove how dumb quantum states are, yet it's widely used to advocate and explain it. I bet he's rolling in his grave... and not

I love learning Quantum Computing! Because half the time there is nothing to learn...

An electron was pulled over by the quantum state patrol... The officer walked up to the car and said, "do you know how fast you were going?" To which the electron responded "no, but I know where I am!"

A physicist asks his friend "want to test out my new quantum computer?". Friend agrees, sits down and quite impressed says "oh wow, would you look at that". Physicist: "Great... I guess I need to get a new one"

What did the subatomic quantum pirate say to the theoretical physicist? Walk the Planck

I don't always make jokes about Quantum Physics, but when I do, I don't

I didn't know Trump is a quantum physicist! He thinks you'll change the outcome of the election by observing it!

People at my work are subject to quantum effects. They behave differently if a superviser is observing.

Why are quantum physicists bad at sex? They either have the position or the momentum, but never both.

I was watching a really good documentary about Quantum physics the other day. But I decided to stop watching in case I affected the outcome

I just lost my quantum computer! I checked to see if it was on, and now I don't know where it is...

What noise does a quantum duck make? Quark

What message does a quantum computer have when you view an image? "Do you want to save changes?"

My car broke down, so I take it in and the guy says that he's a quantum mechanic ...So I ask him if he can fix my car, or not?  And he says: "I don't know, I'll have to look at it!"

Why did the quantum physicist have such toned abs? Because they planck constant.

There's a criminal on the loose in the State of Quantum. Wanted dead and alive.

Why did the quantum physicist participate in sexual threesomes? Because he was interested in investigating entanglement and running double slit experiments.

Why do quantum computers make terrible community leaders? Because you're never totally sure what values they hold.

I can't wait for the next Quantum Physicist triathlon. I'm going to stand beside the bikes and yell out their speeds. They'll get so lost they'll end back at the starting line.

Not looking forward to one day having to buy a Quantum Laptop Computer... I *still* haven't even finished paying the last bill from my Quantum Mechanic!

I'm not happy with my new Quantum Computer. Every time I try to solve a problem it collapses.

What's the difference between Quantum Physics and Politics? In politics, the results won't change no matter how you measure them.

Just tried explaining a girl the Quantum Model She found it a Bohr.

The journalist asked, "Excuse me, is it true that quantum computing could spell the end of civilization as we know it?" The scientist replied:"Yes ... and no. It's a bit uncertain."

How many quantum physicists does it take to change a lightbulb? ...Two. One to change the bulb and one to renormalize the wavefunction.

A man asked a quantum physicist what his opinion on Quantum Superpositions was. He replied, "Ah well, I'm neither here nor there."

I would like to say a quantum mechanical joke. But then you would or wouldn't get it, unless you make a measurement.

Why is quantum physics so much harder than regular physics? Because in regular physics, if something can go wrong, it will. But in quantum physics, if something *could* go wrong, it will.

Some quantum physicists play twister at a party later that day, one of them spontaneously flattens and three seconds later the other is hit by a car: they were still entangled.

What's a quantum physicist's favorite trend? Plancking.

I own a quantum computer. When I'm looking at it, things do not load. When I'm not, they instantly do so.

The secret of quantum teleportation is simple... ...but it's a secret.

I could explain to you quantum physics and you wouldn't understand a thing. Not because it's hard but because I'm bad at explaining.

A quantum physicist gets pulled over. The police officer asks "Sir, do you have any idea how fast you were going?" The quantum physicist responds "No, but I know exactly where I am."

Can a quantum computer run Crysis? yes and no.

Quantum physics has its ups and downs. But it all quarks out in the end.

My friend thinks the Canadian prime minister does not know quantum physics. I know it's trudeau.

Which repair men are best at keeping secrets? I hear quantum mechanics are pretty discrete.

What do you call quantums of electromagnetic radiation that don't get along? Foe-tons.

Quantum Immortality... The Joke That Never Dies. Like me!

I refuse to accept non-binary. Quantum computers are expressly forbidden in this house.

There's a quantum observation theory where only police have consciousness; cop didn't see it, I didn't do it.

Quantum Computers are rubbish. When you want a result they collapse.

In a physics conference, I propose to use the phrase "quantum mechanically small" as an opposite to the phrase "astronomically large" common in everyday use. The reception can only be described as cosmologically void.

So my new Quantum Computer finally arrived today... ...inside the box, all I found was a dead cat :(

Who do you call to fix an atom? A quantum mechanic.

A physics student ask his teacher A physics student ask his teacher: "Can you point me to someone who can teach me a way in which quantum mechanics can be united with general relativity"The teacher answers: "I'll see if I can pull some strings for you".

A quantum object turns from wave to a particle... "It's just a prank bro! Look, there's the observer!!".

Woman are like an open book. But it's written in chinese and about quantum mechanics.

Did you hear about the Large Hadron Collider going down? They are gonna have to bring in a quantum mechanic.

A man is explaining the concepts of time travel. He speaks of how you must not manipulate what happened before, because that is how the current events occurred. However, it may be possible to change what will happen, due to quantum uncertainty. In summary, he passed the past, presented the present and featured the future.

Why did mathematics cry over physics? He found out about quantum's entanglement.

What kind of Mechanics fix and break your car at the same time? Quantum Mechanics.

I had a really small problem with my car so I took it to a quantum mechanic.
